beautiful to all guys here orgasmic we came with a new episode 0 to
glory to me before starting this video indeed they lie immediately then
I immediately begin taking maicosuel so the atoms I take from very many
with the h & m the sniper style crisis
which seems to me that my chin is shooting orkut what else I remember
thorn I still remember the rule of this tonight that with goals from
zatoka is equivalent to a thousand credits that transports me one account to another
I had therefore thought I was almost of the idea of
to conclude here the purchases of the silver players to conclude with this
episode
it is therefore from the next episode to go directly to buy players there
gold
and what does this mean?
that maybe I even thought you could
start playing a few games in the season divisions
and let me know how or comments what you think of this%
I know it will be
very difficult
arrive in first division arriving even among the first
3 4 because really
very difficult then from what I understood
I haven't played in English yet
from what I understand came back this momentoooo brands
still perhaps worse than last year 15
I wouldn't know what to do, but maybe we can try
for there is the first game I win 2 to 0 goals of za za and then of the immature nazi
allows d gold it demi allows e. earn 1000 very important credits
needo vor say that purchase and megara many of you have recommended me paulin
my
but I don't know why it seemed very similar to me as a player even if a
4 stars enabling it definitely better
however bovolon point a post on speed
so sorry but I wanted to take megaup
s ... according to goods against know it had two players attempts are
scared so much the opponent was really very strong, leaving few spaces
and the game however begins with a great goal of umago maico on l really strong
surf no, but I think it's the strongest crisis.
however mancosu l very strong after a great defensive intervention opponents
I propose the lucky one
connelly the Greek striker
but after a few moments a big corner kick that marks emerson's shot
head defender
of the very solid Brazilian livorno good
arrives also the great goal of zatac or with a stop very fast dot beats the
goalkeeper
allows the opponent to go 3a1 though
very strong as already said finds a spectacular goal with stock
at the intersection of the right poles
after which they arrived in a zip dance header on header
let me go this photo match to her golden
that lives the broadside that is printed on the paduli cross in
meriva smai coswell that only needs to support the network
game that ends up on the a4 a2
yes 4 2 seems to me
how did you see 2 watching those two
madonna me 5 to 2
I did however a good game to be poured as already very strong
I review the 2000 credits due to the gogol of distance but I have decided not to
buy nobody
because anyway players need to be taken
nike and then there are so
too many now right now since I've already taken all those more
strong vabè I didn't want to spend 8 billion dollars to jump anyway
too expensive players
yes I had half a mind to take florence however the midfield are
quite
all the time today
is
what's the other name
spider
in any case it added the goal of de maio prix leads on 2 to 0 in this third e
last game of the episode
de maio really good as a defender
I have to think again about the things I said penavo bought I do a little
too many bounty but I have to say that the mind
really really strong spoiler
after 2 minutes to be poured I place myself with this muller that follows I eat
no one could pacatissimo when they left
hair
I don't know how
to be that fast shot player
really not bad anyway
do not give up I make a goal contact me for you go let me go on 3
a 2 mosquito in this episode
marks in all the games really fantastic as a player
the brace arrives
incredible de maio
really a defender
very complete very strong
hey the game ends here in goal by zante allows me to pass the 1000
credits due to me
and so guys the episodes and ends here for aq 150 instead no more than 100 150
I like you there will be love lawn pizza since the others have arrived at
many more I like what I expected
well guys recommend me I had half a mind to take as a player
ibarbo to start the series a
same rules of this true a goal with the goals of barbel equals a thousand creeds
I find the times he fine-tunes each assistant and you bear yourself there are 500 credits
let me know what you think in the comments invite the girl and sharon
nice I like a comment you have that writes to the channel if you don't have it yet
done we give in to the next beautiful boys episode